Wow of August it was about 90 degrees up
fine and now it's raining and now become
a hailstorm in Santa Fe New Mexico
hello blog for my windy and surprisingly
chilly Santa Fe New Mexico Christie and
I have set up camp here in Santa Fe and
we've remained here for the past several
days it's just a comfortable place we
love the local culture here there's
great food in Santa Fe and there are
also just great shops and interesting
things to see although we're not staying
in a national park we've seen our fair
share of wildlife quite honestly I've
seen some large spiders in my life but
this one takes the cake
yesterday we went to the Loretto Chapel
and saw the miraculous staircase
apparently when the chapel was first
constructed they did something that I
might have done they built the balcony
and they built the church and there was
no stairway to get from the church up to
the balcony
so I guess you had this choir loft and
there was no way to actually get to the
choir loft they would have had to use a
ladder to get to the choir loft so this
was really a dilemma for the church the
sisters of the church legend has it
began praying for a carpenter to come
and fix their dilemma and they started
praying to their patron saint st. Joseph
who was a carpenter and so after nine
days of praying
a mysterious carpenter showed up and he
told them that he could fix their
problem and build them a staircase they
wouldn't take up too much space
he used only the tools that he brought
with him and that was a saw a
carpenter's square a hammer and then
tubs that he used to soak the wood in
and he built this incredible staircase
without any center support and without
anything attaching it to the sides of
the building so it's just like this
floating staircase it's just really
incredible and after he finished
building it he left without accepting
pay so that's just something else that
makes it even more special
one other thing of interest we've done
here is to take a day trip to the nearby
town of Taos Town says this hit little
ski town about an hour outside of Santa
Fe so all told we will have spent almost
a week here from here we're going to
hitch up the Airstream and we're going
to head to Telluride Colorado which is
one of our original destination we're
having a blast in New Mexico for those
of you who are newcomers to the long
long honeymoon calm please sign up for
our email newsletter list and I promise
one of these days you will receive an
email from us from Santa Fe New Mexico
signing off for now as always thanks for
checking out our blah
Oh